## Week 2 (estimated 2-3 hours)
The responsive web, media queries, and content positioning.

1. Student presentations with questions and answers.
2. Talk about how the web is viewed on many device widths, and a modern developer has to find a way to display content that looks great on every device.
3. With the developer tools open, have them drag the screen width down to 320px. Point out how the text "Refugees" in the jumbotron exceeds the width of the image. Ask them to reduce the size of the text to `3em`. Now view the webpage in a wider window again, to show how it seems too small on a larger screen.
4. Introduce the following media query and deconstruct each part: `@media screen and (min-width: 480px)`. Using this knowledge, ask them to increase the font size of the "Refugees" text only when a screen is larger than `480px`.
5. Using the techniques they've learned, ask them to make sure that the buttons in the jumbotron fit on one line on small screens. (They should modify the padding and font size, rather than removing or hiding text).
6. Introduce `static` and `relative` positioning ([the difference](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5011211/difference-between-static-and-relative-positioning)). Point out how elements in the jumbotron appear vertically one after the other, except for the buttons, which appear side by side. Explain the difference between `block` elements and `inline` elements. Ask them to give the buttons within the jumbotron (`.jumbotron .btn`) a `block` display rule to see how they behave differently.
7. Now have them apply an `absolute` position to `.jumbotron .buttons`. Explain how the `.jumbotron` box no longer extends to contain the `.buttons` box. It falls "outside" of the element.
8. Have them give the `.jumbotron .buttons` element `left` or `right` attributes of `0`. It should position them outside of thet jumbotron. Add a `position: relative` to the jumbotron to illustrate how absolute positioning works relative to the closest parent element with `position: relative`.
9. Working in pairs, ask them to use this absolute positioning technique to anchor the buttons ot thebottom of the jumbotron, with each button taking up exactly 50% of the width. This will be a challenging excercise. They'll need to get the absolutely positioned buttons element full width, peg it to the bottom, absolutely position the buttons themselves and then align each one differently. If possible, they should add padding to the bottom of the jumbotron to make room for the buttons and adjust the border radius of the jumbotron so that it doesn't poke out at the corners.
10. Once they've done this, ask them to reset their styles for all devices larger than `480px`, so that all the elements have relative positioning and their other attributes are "reset" (`border-radius`, `left`, `right`, etc.).

### Homework
1. Do the course on [Responsive web design fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893). The first lesson has them set up device testing with remote debugging. If you're unable to get this working, or don't have a mobile device to test with, that's ok. Just use the emulator option in your browser's developer tools.
2. Read more about [positioning content in CSS](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/positioning-content/).
3. Using what you've learned about floating elements from the responsive web design fundamentals course, float the two "Learn More" articles side-by-side. Do not use Bootstrap's grid to accomplish this. Try to give the first box a grey background. When checking the homework, make sure they've properly cleared the floats for the parent element, that the grey box has visual padding and that the adjacent boxes are aligned vertically. By the end of this assignment, their page should look like the completed example.
